Add changelog entry for max reported threads change (#1656)
bugsnag/bugsnag-android: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## TBD

### Enhancements

> * Max reported threads can now be configured via the manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Max reported threads can now be configured using manifest meta-data "com.bugsnag.android. MAX_REPORTED_THREADS"
```

Maybe? Just so that it's super clear?
